site/AntBlazor.Docs/Demos/Components/InputNumber/doc/index.en-US.md, before:

---
category: Components
type: Data Entry
title: InputNumber
cover: https://gw.alipayobjects.com/zos/alicdn/XOS8qZ0kU/InputNumber.svg
---

Enter a number within certain range with the mouse or keyboard.

## When To Use

- When a numeric value needs to be provided.



## API

| Property | Description | Type | Default Value |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| AutoFocus |get focus when component mounted                              | boolean        | -         |
| DefaultValue            |initial value           | number         |
| Disabled            | disable the input          | boolean         |-       |
| Formatter |Specifies the format of the value presented      | function(double,string)        | -         |
| Max              | max value       | number        | -        |
| Min |  	min value                            | number        | -         |
| Parser |  Specifies the value extracted from formatter      | function(string, double)           |
| Size | 	height of input box                           | `large` ,`middle`,`small`        | -        |
| Step | The number to which the current value is increased or decreased. It can be an integer or decimal.                           | double        | -         |
| Value            |	current value | string  | -         |
| ValueChanged |The callback triggered when the value is changed.                     | function(double)        | -        |

Commit message:

refactor(module: input-number): support all numeric types

site/AntBlazor.Docs/Demos/Components/InputNumber/doc/index.en-US.md, after:

---
category: Components
type: Data Entry
title: InputNumber
cover: https://gw.alipayobjects.com/zos/alicdn/XOS8qZ0kU/InputNumber.svg
---

Enter a number within certain range with the mouse or keyboard.

## When To Use

- When a numeric value needs to be provided.


## Types of Supports

`sbyte`, `byte`, `short`, `ushort`, `int`, `uint`, `long`, `ulong`, `float`, `double`, `decimal`

Nullable types of the above types are also supported. For example, `ushort?`, `int?`, etc.

## API

| Property | Description | Type | Default Value |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| AutoFocus |get focus when component mounted                              | boolean        | -         |
| DefaultValue            |initial value           | number         |
| Disabled            | disable the input          | boolean         |-       |
| Formatter |Specifies the format of the value presented      | function(double,string)        | -         |
| Max              | max value       | number        | -        |
| Min |  	min value                            | number        | -         |
| Parser |  Specifies the value extracted from formatter      | function(string, double)           |
| Size | 	height of input box                           | `large` ,`middle`,`small`        | -        |
| Step | The number to which the current value is increased or decreased. It can be an integer or decimal.                           | double        | -         |
| Value            |	current value | string  | -         |
| ValueChanged |The callback triggered when the value is changed.                     | function(double)        | -        |
