site/AntDesign.Docs/Demos/Components/Form/demo/validate-mode.md, before:

---
order: 100
title:
  zh-CN: 验证模式
  en-US: Validate Mode
---

## zh-CN

表单验证规则支持两种种方式：

- Attribute: 通过在模型类上添加验证特性来添加验证规则
    适用场景：模型类与API共用验证规则，也可自定义 ValidationAttribute，实现自定义验证规则
- Rules: 通过在 FormItem 上的 `Rules` 属性来添加验证规则
    适用场景：需要复用model类，但不同的页面有不同的验证规则，采用Rules模式可以避免重复创建多个类似的model类

## en-US

There are two ways to define validation rules for form items:

- Attribute: Add validation attributes to the model class.
    Use case: Share validation rules between the model class and API. You can also create custom `ValidationAttribute` to implement custom validation rules.
- Rules: Add validation rules to the `Rules` property of the `FormItem`.
    Use case: Reuse the model class, but different pages have different validation rules. Using the `Rules` mode can avoid creating multiple similar model classes.

Commit message:

docs: update validation mode documentation and improve clarity
- Revised the validation mode documentation for both Chinese and English to enhance clarity and consistency.
- Updated the terminology from "Validate Mode" to "Validation" in the English version and "验证模式" to "验证方式" in the Chinese version.
- Improved the descriptions of the two validation methods: Attribute and Rules, including use cases and benefits for each method.
- Clarified the capabilities of the `FormValidationRule` type for more flexible validation scenarios.

site/AntDesign.Docs/Demos/Components/Form/demo/validate-mode.md, after:

---
order: 100
title:
  zh-CN: 验证方式
  en-US: Validation
---

## zh-CN

表单验证同时支持两种方式：

- **Attribute**: 通过在模型类上添加验证特性来添加验证规则
    
    **适用场景**：
    - 模型类与 API 共用验证规则，与[服务端模型验证](https://learn.microsoft.com/aspnet/core/mvc/models/validation?view=aspnetcore-9.0)行为一致
    - 支持自定义 ValidationAttribute，实现自定义验证规则

- **Rules**: 通过在 FormItem 上的 `Rules` 属性来添加验证规则
    
    **适用场景**：
    - 需要复用 model 类，但不同的表单有不同的验证规则时，可以避免重复创建多个类似的 model 类
    - `FormValidationRule` 类型可定义更加丰富和灵活的验证规则，如限定枚举值、限定可选值、子属性验证等，也支持指定 ValidationAttribute

## en-US

The form supports two validation modes:

- **Attribute**: Add validation rules by decorating the model class with validation attributes.

    **Scenarios:**
    - When you want to share validation rules between the model and APIs, consistent with [server-side model validation](https://learn.microsoft.com/aspnet/core/mvc/models/validation?view=aspnetcore-9.0).
    - When you need to use or implement custom `ValidationAttribute` for custom validation logic.

- **Rules**: Add validation rules via the `Rules` property on `FormItem`.

    **Scenarios:**
    - When you want to reuse a model class but need different validation rules for different forms, avoiding the need to create multiple similar model classes.
    - The `FormValidationRule` type allows for more flexible and rich validation, such as limiting enum values, specifying allowed values, validating child properties, or using a specific `ValidationAttribute`.
