site/AntBlazor.Docs/Demos/Components/Modal/doc/index.en-US.md, before:

---
type: Feedback
category: Components
title: Modal
cover: https://gw.alipayobjects.com/zos/alicdn/3StSdUlSH/Modal.svg
---

Modal dialogs.

## When To Use

When requiring users to interact with the application, but without jumping to a new page and interrupting the user's workflow, you can use `Modal` to create a new floating layer over the current page to get user feedback or display information. Additionally, if you need show a simple confirmation dialog, you can use `ModalService.Confirm()`, and so on.

## API

| Property          | Description                                                  | Type                          | Default       |
| ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------- | ------------- |
| AfterClose        | Specify a function that will  be called when modal is closed completely. | EventCallback                 | -             |
| BodyStyle         | Body style for modal body  element. Such as height, padding etc. | string                        | -             |
| CancelText        | Text of the Cancel button                                    | string\|RenderFragment        | Cancel        |
| Centered          | Centered Modal                                               | bool                          | false         |
| Closable          | Whether a close (x) button is  visible on top right of the modal dialog or not | bool                          | true          |
| CloseIcon         | custom close icon                                            | RenderFragment                | -             |
| ConfirmLoading    | Whether to apply loading  visual effect for OK button or not | bool                          | false         |
| DestroyOnClose    | Whether to unmount child  components on onClose              | bool                          | false         |
| Footer            | Footer content, set as  footer={null} when you don't need default buttons | string\|RenderFragment        | 确定取消按钮  |
| ForceRender       | Force render Modal                                           | bool                          | false         |
| GetContainer      | Return the mount node for  Modal                             | ElementReference?             | document.body |
| Keyboard          | Whether support press esc to close                           | bool                          | true          |
| Mask              | Whether show mask or not.                                    | bool                          | true          |
| MaskClosable      | Whether to close the modal  dialog when the mask (area outside the modal) is clicked | bool                          | true          |
| MaskStyle         | Style for modal's mask  element.                             | string                        | -             |
| OkText            | Text of the OK button                                        | string\|RenderFragment        | OK            |
| OkType            | Button type of the OK button                                 | string                        | primary       |
| OkButtonProps     | The ok button props                                          | ButtonProps                   | -             |
| CancelButtonProps | The cancel button props                                      | ButtonProps                   | -             |
| Style             | Style of floating layer,  typically used at least for adjusting the position. | string                        | -             |
| Title             | The modal dialog's title                                     | string\|RenderFragment        | -             |
| Visible           | Whether the modal dialog is  visible or not                  | bool                          | -             |
| Width             | Width of the modal dialog                                    | string\|double                | 520           |
| WrapClassName     | The class name of the  container of the modal dialog         | string                        | -             |
| ZIndex            | The z-index of the Modal                                     | int                           | 1000          |
| OnCancel          | Specify a function that will  be called when a user clicks mask, close button on top right or Cancel button | EventCallback<MouseEventArgs> | -             |
| OnOk              | Specify a function that will  be called when a user clicks the OK button | EventCallback<MouseEventArgs> | -             |

#### Note

> The state of Modal will be preserved at it's component lifecycle by default, if you wish to open it with a brand new state everytime, set `DestroyOnClose` on it.

### Modal.method()

There are five ways to display the information based on the content's nature:

- `ModalService.Info`
- `ModalService.Success`
- `ModalService.Error`
- `ModalService.Warning`
- `ModalService.Confirm`
- `ModalService.CreateAsync`
- `ModalService.ConfirmAsync`
- `ModalService.InfoAsync`
- `ModalService.SuccessAsync`
- `ModalService.ErrorAsync`
- `ModalService.WarningAsync`

> Please confirm that the `<AntContainer />` component has been added to `App.Razor`.
> `ConfirmAsync`、`InfoAsync`、`SuccessAsync`、`ErrorAsync`、`WarningAsync` will return Task<bool>，it can be used to determine whether the button the user clicks is an OK button (true) or a cancel button (false)

#### ConfirmOptions

| CancelText        | Text  of the Cancel button with Modal.confirm                | string                         | Cancel  |
| ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------ | ------- |
| Centered          | Centered Modal                                               | bool                           | fasle   |
| ClassName         | className of container                                       | string                         | -       |
| Content           | Content                                                      | string\|RenderFragment         | -       |
| Icon              | custom icon                                                  | RenderFragment                 | -       |
| Keyboard          | Whether support press esc to  close                          | bool                           | true    |
| Mask              | Whether show mask or not.                                    | bool                           | true    |
| MaskClosable      | Whether to close the modal  dialog when the mask (area outside the modal) is clicked | bool                           | fasle   |
| OkText            | Text of the OK button                                        | string                         | OK      |
| OkType            | Button type of the OK button                                 | string                         | primary |
| OkButtonProps     | The ok button props                                          | ButtonProps                    | -       |
| CancelButtonProps | The cancel button props                                      | ButtonProps                    | -       |
| Title             | Title                                                        | string\|RenderFragment         | -       |
| Width             | Width of the modal dialog                                    | string\|double                 | 416     |
| ZIndex            | The z-index of the Modal                                     | int                            | 1000    |
| OnCancel          | Specify a function that will  be called when the user clicks the Cancel button. The parameter of this  function is a function whose execution should include closing the dialog. You  can also just return a promise and when the promise is resolved, the modal dialog  will also be closed | EventCallback<MouseEventArgs>? | null    |
| OnOk              | Specify a function that will  be called when the user clicks the OK button. The parameter of this function  is a function whose execution should include closing the dialog. You can also  just return a promise and when the promise is resolved, the modal dialog will  also be closed | EventCallback<MouseEventArgs>? | null    |

All the `ModalService.Method`s will return a reference, and then we can update and close the modal dialog by the reference.

``` c#
ConfirmOptions config = new ConfirmOptions();
var modelRef = await ModalService.Info(config);

modelRef.UpdateConfig();

ModalService.Destroy(modelRef);
```

- `ModalService.DestroyAll`

`ModalService.DestroyAll()` could destroy all confirmation modal dialogs(ModalService.Info/ModalService.Success/ModalService.Error/ModalService.Warning/ModalService.Confirm). Usually, you can use it in router change event to destroy confirm modal dialog automatically without use modal reference to close( it's too complex to use for all modal dialogs)

Commit message:

feat(module: modal): allow drag Modal

site/AntBlazor.Docs/Demos/Components/Modal/doc/index.en-US.md, after:

---
type: Feedback
category: Components
title: Modal
cover: https://gw.alipayobjects.com/zos/alicdn/3StSdUlSH/Modal.svg
---

Modal dialogs.

## When To Use

When requiring users to interact with the application, but without jumping to a new page and interrupting the user's workflow, you can use `Modal` to create a new floating layer over the current page to get user feedback or display information. Additionally, if you need show a simple confirmation dialog, you can use `ModalService.Confirm()`, and so on.

## API

| Property          | Description                                                  | Type                          | Default       |
| ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------- | ------------- |
| AfterClose        | Specify a function that will  be called when modal is closed completely. | EventCallback                 | -             |
| BodyStyle         | Body style for modal body  element. Such as height, padding etc. | string                        | -             |
| CancelText        | Text of the Cancel button                                    | string\|RenderFragment        | Cancel        |
| Centered          | Centered Modal                                               | bool                          | false         |
| Closable          | Whether a close (x) button is  visible on top right of the modal dialog or not | bool                          | true          |
| CloseIcon         | custom close icon                                            | RenderFragment                | -             |
| ConfirmLoading    | Whether to apply loading  visual effect for OK button or not | bool                          | false         |
| DestroyOnClose    | Whether to unmount child  components on onClose              | bool                          | false         |
| Footer            | Footer content, set as  footer={null} when you don't need default buttons | string\|RenderFragment        | 确定取消按钮  |
| ForceRender       | Force render Modal                                           | bool                          | false         |
| GetContainer      | Return the mount node for  Modal                             | ElementReference?             | document.body |
| Keyboard          | Whether support press esc to close                           | bool                          | true          |
| Mask              | Whether show mask or not.                                    | bool                          | true          |
| MaskClosable      | Whether to close the modal  dialog when the mask (area outside the modal) is clicked | bool                          | true          |
| MaskStyle         | Style for modal's mask  element.                             | string                        | -             |
| OkText            | Text of the OK button                                        | string\|RenderFragment        | OK            |
| OkType            | Button type of the OK button                                 | string                        | primary       |
| OkButtonProps     | The ok button props                                          | ButtonProps                   | -             |
| CancelButtonProps | The cancel button props                                      | ButtonProps                   | -             |
| Style             | Style of floating layer,  typically used at least for adjusting the position. | string                        | -             |
| Title             | The modal dialog's title                                     | string\|RenderFragment        | -             |
| Visible           | Whether the modal dialog is  visible or not                  | bool                          | -             |
| Width             | Width of the modal dialog                                    | string\|double                | 520           |
| WrapClassName     | The class name of the  container of the modal dialog         | string                        | -             |
| ZIndex            | The z-index of the Modal                                     | int                           | 1000          |
| OnCancel          | Specify a function that will  be called when a user clicks mask, close button on top right or Cancel button | EventCallback<MouseEventArgs> | -             |
| OnOk              | Specify a function that will  be called when a user clicks the OK button | EventCallback<MouseEventArgs> | -             |
| Draggable | Is it allowed to drag Modal through its Header | bool | - |
| DragInViewport | If Draggable is true, and is it only allowed drag Modal in the viewport | bool | - |

#### Note

> The state of Modal will be preserved at it's component lifecycle by default, if you wish to open it with a brand new state everytime, set `DestroyOnClose` on it.

### Modal.method()

There are five ways to display the information based on the content's nature:

- `ModalService.Info`
- `ModalService.Success`
- `ModalService.Error`
- `ModalService.Warning`
- `ModalService.Confirm`
- `ModalService.CreateAsync`
- `ModalService.ConfirmAsync`
- `ModalService.InfoAsync`
- `ModalService.SuccessAsync`
- `ModalService.ErrorAsync`
- `ModalService.WarningAsync`

> Please confirm that the `<AntContainer />` component has been added to `App.Razor`.
> `ConfirmAsync`、`InfoAsync`、`SuccessAsync`、`ErrorAsync`、`WarningAsync` will return Task<bool>，it can be used to determine whether the button the user clicks is an OK button (true) or a cancel button (false)

#### ConfirmOptions

| CancelText        | Text  of the Cancel button with Modal.confirm                | string                         | Cancel  |
| ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------ | ------- |
| Centered          | Centered Modal                                               | bool                           | fasle   |
| ClassName         | className of container                                       | string                         | -       |
| Content           | Content                                                      | string\|RenderFragment         | -       |
| Icon              | custom icon                                                  | RenderFragment                 | -       |
| Keyboard          | Whether support press esc to  close                          | bool                           | true    |
| Mask              | Whether show mask or not.                                    | bool                           | true    |
| MaskClosable      | Whether to close the modal  dialog when the mask (area outside the modal) is clicked | bool                           | fasle   |
| OkText            | Text of the OK button                                        | string                         | OK      |
| OkType            | Button type of the OK button                                 | string                         | primary |
| OkButtonProps     | The ok button props                                          | ButtonProps                    | -       |
| CancelButtonProps | The cancel button props                                      | ButtonProps                    | -       |
| Title             | Title                                                        | string\|RenderFragment         | -       |
| Width             | Width of the modal dialog                                    | string\|double                 | 416     |
| ZIndex            | The z-index of the Modal                                     | int                            | 1000    |
| OnCancel          | Specify a function that will  be called when the user clicks the Cancel button. The parameter of this  function is a function whose execution should include closing the dialog. You  can also just return a promise and when the promise is resolved, the modal dialog  will also be closed | EventCallback<MouseEventArgs>? | null    |
| OnOk              | Specify a function that will  be called when the user clicks the OK button. The parameter of this function  is a function whose execution should include closing the dialog. You can also  just return a promise and when the promise is resolved, the modal dialog will  also be closed | EventCallback<MouseEventArgs>? | null    |

All the `ModalService.Method`s will return a reference, and then we can update and close the modal dialog by the reference.

``` c#
ConfirmOptions config = new ConfirmOptions();
var modelRef = await ModalService.Info(config);

modelRef.UpdateConfig();

ModalService.Destroy(modelRef);
```

- `ModalService.DestroyAll`

`ModalService.DestroyAll()` could destroy all confirmation modal dialogs(ModalService.Info/ModalService.Success/ModalService.Error/ModalService.Warning/ModalService.Confirm). Usually, you can use it in router change event to destroy confirm modal dialog automatically without use modal reference to close( it's too complex to use for all modal dialogs)
