site/AntDesign.Docs/Demos/Components/Table/doc/index.en-US.md, before:

﻿---
category: Components
cols: 1
type: Data Display
title: Table
cover: https://gw.alipayobjects.com/zos/alicdn/f-SbcX2Lx/Table.svg
---

A table displays rows of data.

## When To Use

- To display a collection of structured data.
- To sort, search, paginate, filter data.

## How To Use

Specify `dataSource` of Table as an array of data, the `OnChange` event and its incoming query state can be paged and filtered.

### Two data column types

- **PropertyColumn** inherits from Column and is bound with 'Property="c=> c.User.Name "' to support cascading access.  If used below .NET 6, need to specify the type of 'TItem', 'TProp'.
- **Column** bound with `@bind-Field="context.UserName"`, but does not support cascading access to class attributes (for example, `context.User.Name`), but it can be bound with `DataIndex="'User.Name'"`.

### Other column types

- **ActionColumn** for operation buttons or template, would not bind the data.
- **Selection** for add checkboxes for row selection.

## API

### The TItem Generic type parameter

Since 0.16.0, Table has supported ordinary classes, record, interface, and abstract classes as DataSource types. But there are a few caveats:

- When using record and some property values would be changed, please override the `GetHasCode()` method, or the `RowKey` of Table. Otherwise the state maintained internally for each column will not work correctly. [#2837](https://github.com/ant-design-blazor/ant-design-blazor/issues/2837)
- When using abstract classes, the Table would waits for the DataSource to get the element and takes the first one to initialize at the first render. [#3471](https://github.com/ant-design-blazor/ant-design-blazor/issues/3471)

### Table

| Parameter             | Instruction             | Type                         | Defaults |
| ---------------- | ---------------- | ---------------------------- | ------ |
| RerenderStrategy | Used to control the ShouldRender property. Can be used to specify that a property should be rerendered only when it has been modified | [RerenderStrategy](https://github.com/ant-design-blazor/ant-design-blazor/blob/master/components/core/RerenderStrategy.cs) | RerenderStrategy.Always |
| RowTemplate | Row template | RenderFragment | - |
| ExpandTemplate | Expand content template | RenderFragment<RowData<TItem>> | - |
| DataSource | Data Sources | IEnumerable<TItem> | - |
| DefaultExpandAllRows | Initially, whether to expand all rows | bool | false |
| RowExpandable | Set whether to allow row expansion | bool | false | - |
| TreeChildren | Used to select child nodes when displaying tree data | Func<TItem, IEnumerable<TItem>> | - |
| OnChange | Triggered when paging, sorting, and filtering changes | EventCallback<QueryModel<TItem>> | - |
| OnRow | Set row attributes | Func<RowData<TItem>, Dictionary<string, object>> | - |
| OnHeaderRow | Set header row attributes | Func<Dictionary<string, object>> | - |
| Loading | Is the table loading | bool | false |
| Title | Table title | string | - |
| TitleTemplate | Title template | RenderFragment | - |
| GroupTitleTemplate | Row group title template | RenderFragment | - |
| Footer | Table Footer | string | - |
| FooterTemplate | Footer Template | RenderFragment | - |
| Size | Table Size | [TableSize](https://github.com/ant-design-blazor/ant-design-blazor/blob/master/components/table/TableSize.cs) | - |
| Locale | Default copywriting settings, currently including sorting, filtering, and empty data copywriting | [TableLocale](https://github.com/ant-design-blazor/ant-design-blazor/blob/master/components/table/TableLocale.cs) | LocaleProvider.CurrentLocale.Table |
| Bordered | Whether to display the outer border and column border | bool | false |
| ScrollX | Set horizontal scrolling, can also be used to specify the width of the scrolling area, can be set as pixel value, percentage | string | - |
| ScrollY | Set the vertical scroll, can also be used to specify the height of the scrolling area, can be set as a pixel value | string | - |
| ScrollBarWidth | Scroll bar width | string | "17px" |
| IndentSize | When displaying tree data, the width of each level of indentation, in px | int | 15 |
| ExpandIconColumnIndex | Index of the column where the custom expand icon is located | int | - |
| RowClassName | The class name of the table row | Func<RowData<TItem>, string> | _ => "" |
| RowKey | Set the compare key to set default selection rows. It works the same way as `GetHashCode()`. Otherwise, the comparison is by reference by default. | Func<TItem, object> | - |
| ExpandedRowClassName | The className of the expanded row | Func<RowData<TItem>, string> | _ => "" |
| OnExpand | Triggered when the expand icon is clicked | EventCallback<RowData<TItem>> | - |
| SortDirections | Supported sorting methods, covering sortDirections in Table | [SortDirection[]](https://github.com/ant-design-blazor/ant-design-blazor/blob/master/components/core/SortDirection.cs) | SortDirection.Preset.Default |
| TableLayout | The table-layout attribute of the table element, set to fixed means that the content will not affect the layout of the column | string | - |
| OnRowClick | Row click event (deprecated in antd v3) | EventCallback<RowData<TItem>> | - |
| HidePagination| To hide the pager, PageSize would equals the number of rows in the data source | bool | false |
| Resizable | Enable resizable column | bool | false |
| FieldFilterTypeResolver | Used to resolve filter types for columns | `IFilterTypeResolver` | Injected |

### Column

The Column definition of the previous version, For .NET 6 and above, `PropertyColumn` is recommended.

| Parameter             | Instruction             | Type                         | Defaults |
| ---------------- | ---------------- | ---------------------------- | ------ |
| FieldChanged | Field change event | EventCallback<TData | - |
| FieldExpression | Parse Field data | Expression<Func<TData>> FieldExpression | - |
| DataIndex | The corresponding path of the column data in the data item, support for querying the nested path through the array | int | - |
| Format | Column data serialization rules, such as DateTime.ToString("XXX"). | string | - |
| Sortable | Whether to allow sorting | bool | false |
| SorterCompare | Comparison function with custom sort | Func<TData, TData, int> | - |
| SorterMultiple | Number of sorts | int | - |
| SortDirections | Supported sorting method | [SortDirection[]](https://github.com/ant-design-blazor/ant-design-blazor/blob/master/components/core/SortDirection.cs) | - |
| DefaultSortOrder | Default sort order | [SortDirection](https://github.com/ant-design-blazor/ant-design-blazor/blob/master/components/core/SortDirection.cs) | - |
| OnCell | Set cell properties | Func<CellData, Dictionary<string, object>> | - |
| OnHeaderCell | Set header cell properties | Func<Dictionary<string, object>> | - |
| Filterable | Whether to show filter | bool | false |
| Filters | Specify the column to filter the menu | IEnumerable<TableFilter<TData>> | - |
| FilterMultiple | Specify filter multiple selection and single selection | bool | true |
| OnFilter | Filter current data | Expression<Func<TData, TData, bool>> | - |
| FilterDropdown | Custom Filter Dropdown Template | RenderFragment | - |
| FieldFilterType | Specifies what filter options to display and how to filter the data | `IFieldFilterType` | Resolved using Table's `FieldFilterTypeResolver` |
| Filtered   |  Whether the dataSource is filtered. Filter icon will be actived when it is true. | bool |  false |

### PropertyColumn

Inherit from `Column`.

| Parameter             | Instruction             | Type                         | Defaults |
| ---------------- | ---------------- | ---------------------------- | ------ |
| Property         |  Defines the value to be displayed in this column's cells. | Expression<Func<TItem, TProp>> | - |


### Selection

| Parameter             | Instruction             | Type                         | Defaults |
| ---------------- | ---------------- | ---------------------------- | ------ |
| CheckStrictly | Check table row precisely; parent row and children rows are not associated | boolean | true |
| Type | `checkbox` or `radio` | `checkbox` \| `radio` | `checkbox` | 
| Disabled         |  Whether to disable check     |      bool            |   false      |

### GenerateColumns

Columns can be automatically generated by the 'TItem' type. See the [demo](#components-table-demo-generate-columns).

| Parameter             | Instruction             | Type                         | Defaults |
| ---------------- | ---------------- | ---------------------------- | ------ |
| Definitions | An Action to defined each column. The first parameter is the property name, the second one is the Column instance. | Action<string, object> Definitions |  -  |
| HideColumnsByName | Hide the columns by the property names.  | IEnumerable<string>   |  -  |
| Range            | Specific the range of the columns that need to display. | Range |  -  |

### Public methods

The Table can be controlled using the methods provided in the instance of the `@ref` binding `ITable`.

| Methods           | Instruction                                | 
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------- | 
| ReloadData       | Reloads the data, with three overloads, specifying paging, filtering, and sorting   | 
| ResetData        | Reset table paging, filtering, sorting status                   |
| GetQueryModel    | Gets table state, which can be used for persistence and recovery              |
| SetSelection     | Set selection column                                 |
| SelectAll        | Select all rows                                   |
| UnselectAll      | Unselect all rows                                    |
| ExpandAll        | Expand all rows                             |
| CollapseAll      | Collapse all rows                     |


### Responsive

The table supports responsive by default, and when the screen width is less than 960px, the table would switch to small-screen mode.

In small-screen mode, only certain features are currently supported, and mis-styling will occur in tables with some features such as group, expanded columns, tree data, summary cell, etc. 

If you want to disable responsive, you can set `Responsive="false"`.

Commit message:

feat(module: table): support multiple row grouping (#4089)
* support multiple grouping

* fix children

* fix rows

* fix group data cache and selection

* update demo

* update style and API

site/AntDesign.Docs/Demos/Components/Table/doc/index.en-US.md, after:

﻿---
category: Components
cols: 1
type: Data Display
title: Table
cover: https://gw.alipayobjects.com/zos/alicdn/f-SbcX2Lx/Table.svg
---

A table displays rows of data.

## When To Use

- To display a collection of structured data.
- To sort, search, paginate, filter data.

## How To Use

Specify `dataSource` of Table as an array of data, the `OnChange` event and its incoming query state can be paged and filtered.

### Two data column types

- **PropertyColumn** inherits from Column and is bound with 'Property="c=> c.User.Name "' to support cascading access.  If used below .NET 6, need to specify the type of 'TItem', 'TProp'.
- **Column** bound with `@bind-Field="context.UserName"`, but does not support cascading access to class attributes (for example, `context.User.Name`), but it can be bound with `DataIndex="'User.Name'"`.

### Other column types

- **ActionColumn** for operation buttons or template, would not bind the data.
- **Selection** for add checkboxes for row selection.

## API

### The TItem Generic type parameter

Since 0.16.0, Table has supported ordinary classes, record, interface, and abstract classes as DataSource types. But there are a few caveats:

- When using record and some property values would be changed, please override the `GetHasCode()` method, or the `RowKey` of Table. Otherwise the state maintained internally for each column will not work correctly. [#2837](https://github.com/ant-design-blazor/ant-design-blazor/issues/2837)
- When using abstract classes, the Table would waits for the DataSource to get the element and takes the first one to initialize at the first render. [#3471](https://github.com/ant-design-blazor/ant-design-blazor/issues/3471)

### Table

| Parameter             | Instruction             | Type                         | Defaults |
| ---------------- | ---------------- | ---------------------------- | ------ |
| RerenderStrategy | Used to control the ShouldRender property. Can be used to specify that a property should be rerendered only when it has been modified | [RerenderStrategy](https://github.com/ant-design-blazor/ant-design-blazor/blob/master/components/core/RerenderStrategy.cs) | RerenderStrategy.Always |
| RowTemplate | Row template | RenderFragment | - |
| ExpandTemplate | Expand content template | RenderFragment<RowData<TItem>> | - |
| DataSource | Data Sources | IEnumerable<TItem> | - |
| DefaultExpandAllRows | Initially, whether to expand all rows | bool | false |
| RowExpandable | Set whether to allow row expansion | bool | false | - |
| TreeChildren | Used to select child nodes when displaying tree data | Func<TItem, IEnumerable<TItem>> | - |
| OnChange | Triggered when paging, sorting, and filtering changes | EventCallback<QueryModel<TItem>> | - |
| OnRow | Set row attributes | Func<RowData<TItem>, Dictionary<string, object>> | - |
| OnHeaderRow | Set header row attributes | Func<Dictionary<string, object>> | - |
| Loading | Is the table loading | bool | false |
| Title | Table title | string | - |
| TitleTemplate | Title template | RenderFragment | - |
| GroupTitleTemplate | Row group title template | RenderFragment | - |
| GroupFooterTemplate | Group foot template, often used to aggregate statistics | RenderFragment<GroupResult<TItem>> | - |
| Footer | Table Footer | string | - |
| FooterTemplate | Footer Template | RenderFragment | - |
| Size | Table Size | [TableSize](https://github.com/ant-design-blazor/ant-design-blazor/blob/master/components/table/TableSize.cs) | - |
| Locale | Default copywriting settings, currently including sorting, filtering, and empty data copywriting | [TableLocale](https://github.com/ant-design-blazor/ant-design-blazor/blob/master/components/table/TableLocale.cs) | LocaleProvider.CurrentLocale.Table |
| Bordered | Whether to display the outer border and column border | bool | false |
| ScrollX | Set horizontal scrolling, can also be used to specify the width of the scrolling area, can be set as pixel value, percentage | string | - |
| ScrollY | Set the vertical scroll, can also be used to specify the height of the scrolling area, can be set as a pixel value | string | - |
| ScrollBarWidth | Scroll bar width | string | "17px" |
| IndentSize | When displaying tree data, the width of each level of indentation, in px | int | 15 |
| ExpandIconColumnIndex | Index of the column where the custom expand icon is located | int | - |
| RowClassName | The class name of the table row | Func<RowData<TItem>, string> | _ => "" |
| RowKey | Set the compare key to set default selection rows. It works the same way as `GetHashCode()`. Otherwise, the comparison is by reference by default. | Func<TItem, object> | - |
| ExpandedRowClassName | The className of the expanded row | Func<RowData<TItem>, string> | _ => "" |
| OnExpand | Triggered when the expand icon is clicked | EventCallback<RowData<TItem>> | - |
| SortDirections | Supported sorting methods, covering sortDirections in Table | [SortDirection[]](https://github.com/ant-design-blazor/ant-design-blazor/blob/master/components/core/SortDirection.cs) | SortDirection.Preset.Default |
| TableLayout | The table-layout attribute of the table element, set to fixed means that the content will not affect the layout of the column | string | - |
| OnRowClick | Row click event (deprecated in antd v3) | EventCallback<RowData<TItem>> | - |
| HidePagination| To hide the pager, PageSize would equals the number of rows in the data source | bool | false |
| Resizable | Enable resizable column | bool | false |
| FieldFilterTypeResolver | Used to resolve filter types for columns | `IFilterTypeResolver` | Injected |


### Column

The Column definition of the previous version, For .NET 6 and above, `PropertyColumn` is recommended.

| Parameter             | Instruction             | Type                         | Defaults |
| ---------------- | ---------------- | ---------------------------- | ------ |
| FieldChanged | Field change event | EventCallback<TData | - |
| FieldExpression | Parse Field data | Expression<Func<TData>> FieldExpression | - |
| DataIndex | The corresponding path of the column data in the data item, support for querying the nested path through the array | int | - |
| Format | Column data serialization rules, such as DateTime.ToString("XXX"). | string | - |
| Sortable | Whether to allow sorting | bool | false |
| SorterCompare | Comparison function with custom sort | Func<TData, TData, int> | - |
| SorterMultiple | Number of sorts | int | - |
| SortDirections | Supported sorting method | [SortDirection[]](https://github.com/ant-design-blazor/ant-design-blazor/blob/master/components/core/SortDirection.cs) | - |
| DefaultSortOrder | Default sort order | [SortDirection](https://github.com/ant-design-blazor/ant-design-blazor/blob/master/components/core/SortDirection.cs) | - |
| OnCell | Set cell properties | Func<CellData, Dictionary<string, object>> | - |
| OnHeaderCell | Set header cell properties | Func<Dictionary<string, object>> | - |
| Filterable | Whether to show filter | bool | false |
| Filters | Specify the column to filter the menu | IEnumerable<TableFilter<TData>> | - |
| FilterMultiple | Specify filter multiple selection and single selection | bool | true |
| OnFilter | Filter current data | Expression<Func<TData, TData, bool>> | - |
| FilterDropdown | Custom Filter Dropdown Template | RenderFragment | - |
| FieldFilterType | Specifies what filter options to display and how to filter the data | `IFieldFilterType` | Resolved using Table's `FieldFilterTypeResolver` |
| Filtered   |  Whether the dataSource is filtered. Filter icon will be actived when it is true. | bool |  false |
| Grouping | Specify that this column is used for grouping | bool | - |
| GroupBy | A delegate that converts the value of a group | Func<TData, object> | - |

### PropertyColumn

Inherit from `Column`.

| Parameter             | Instruction             | Type                         | Defaults |
| ---------------- | ---------------- | ---------------------------- | ------ |
| Property         |  Defines the value to be displayed in this column's cells. | Expression<Func<TItem, TProp>> | - |


### Selection

| Parameter             | Instruction             | Type                         | Defaults |
| ---------------- | ---------------- | ---------------------------- | ------ |
| CheckStrictly | Check table row precisely; parent row and children rows are not associated | boolean | true |
| Type | `checkbox` or `radio` | `checkbox` \| `radio` | `checkbox` | 
| Disabled         |  Whether to disable check     |      bool            |   false      |

### GenerateColumns

Columns can be automatically generated by the 'TItem' type. See the [demo](#components-table-demo-generate-columns).

| Parameter             | Instruction             | Type                         | Defaults |
| ---------------- | ---------------- | ---------------------------- | ------ |
| Definitions | An Action to defined each column. The first parameter is the property name, the second one is the Column instance. | Action<string, object> Definitions |  -  |
| HideColumnsByName | Hide the columns by the property names.  | IEnumerable<string>   |  -  |
| Range            | Specific the range of the columns that need to display. | Range |  -  |

### Public methods

The Table can be controlled using the methods provided in the instance of the `@ref` binding `ITable`.

| Methods           | Instruction                                | 
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------- | 
| ReloadData       | Reloads the data, with three overloads, specifying paging, filtering, and sorting   | 
| ResetData        | Reset table paging, filtering, sorting status                   |
| GetQueryModel    | Gets table state, which can be used for persistence and recovery              |
| SetSelection     | Set selection column                                 |
| SelectAll        | Select all rows                                   |
| UnselectAll      | Unselect all rows                                    |
| ExpandAll        | Expand all rows                             |
| CollapseAll      | Collapse all rows                     |


### Responsive

The table supports responsive by default, and when the screen width is less than 960px, the table would switch to small-screen mode.

In small-screen mode, only certain features are currently supported, and mis-styling will occur in tables with some features such as group, expanded columns, tree data, summary cell, etc. 

If you want to disable responsive, you can set `Responsive="false"`.
